TITLE: SRS For Employee Recruitment System

Team:end user,Admin,Employers,Maitinance staff

Purpose: Purpose of this application is to to make possible for organizations to 
post their staffing requirements easily and view profiles of intrested canidates and 
short list them according to their requirement.also make the job of finding jobs for 
candidates easy and apply for it as per their requirement.

Scope: 
1.with this application candidates will be able to search for the job that they want to apply
for as per their need from anywhere with the help of any device available.
2.with this application Employeers will be able to post their sataffing requirements easily and
view profiles of intested candidates.
3.Anonymus user will be able to see the overview of the website and can furthur register for additional
features.
4.Admin will be able to manage all the features of the system as per his reuirement.

Definations:
Candidate:user searching for the job
Employeer: Organization looking for staff.
Requirements:
 1.Functional Requirements:
	A login page will be provided for the user of two types (Employeer or Candidate) to where the new user can register or if already a user 
he or she can signin with the previously provided credentials.Also Anynymous user will be able to skip the sign
in but restriction will be applied on some functions util furthur login.       
	
Candidate login:
Candidate will be required to fill profile information such as their Education qualification ,personal information,their past work Experience etc,cv ,socials : Git link,LinkedIn Account Details
. 

Basic form will asked to fill .which will contain filter conditions sucha as field of work,city they want to search the job in ,Expected salary	

	On Dashboard Search bar will be available which will include filters such as 
		)search job according to designation intrested 
 		)search job according to city intrested 
		)search job according to Range of Salary Expected etc.

Employeer login(Organization):
 user will be required to fill information such as Organization name,Orgnization Field,Organiztion Adress etc. and Autication of will be done accordingly.
After the the verifiaction of information provided User will be able to fill out the info about their requirement of candidate.the application will  filter out the information of candidates req.through a through search from the DataBase Available and will provide information to the user.

ADMIN LOGIN: Special high security credentials will be provided for Admin Login,2-Step Verifiaction will be done on the provided information.Adim will be the Solye able to Handle All Application Operations.

NON-Functional Requirements:
Availability:Application will be available for 24*7 throughout.
Maintainac:Third Party will be Consulted for the Maintainance of Application,Backup of Application Data wil be available on Virtual Server in case Of system crash.
Portablitity:Application will be accsessible through any device with internet connection in order to give use ease of Access.
Fuctionality:Application will be Able to withstand high load and will perform smoothly.